added web dev server, table component (#7)
VernierST/front-end-dev-challenge: README.md

  getDataSet(which): Promise<ChallengeDataSet>
```

## Conditions of acceptance:

- Provide a way for the user to pull in any one of the three datasets (small, medium and large).
- Provide responsive UI (particularly mobile and desktop) to display the current displayed dataset.
- Build a data table to display the given data sets.
  - The data table must have a header displaying the column name

>   - a skeleton lit component table (`challenge-table`) as has been added as an example. You may modify it in anyway or create a new table entirely.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - a skeleton lit component table (`challenge-table`) has been added as an example. You may modify it in any way or create a new table entirely.  
```

- We have provided a charting component for you to use for this example. You'll only need to import this into your application and provide data to be graphed.
  - You won't need to modify this code. Documentation for this component can be found in `./challenge-chart/README.md`.
- You will not need to modify the ChallengeDataService code, but can augment it if necessary.
- Feel free to use any approach, framework, or tools you need to meet the acceptance criteria.
- Please keep accessibility in mind while participating in this challenge.

While these are the conditions of acceptance, if they're not all met, we can still go through your solution together.
That won't automatically disqualify you.  We don't expect you to spend hours on this.

However, that being said, if you do get these wrapped up quickly, feel free to add any new and interesting features you can think of that might make this application better.  

## Setup
Install dependencies:
```

> npm i

Reviewer: Better to stick with commands than their aliases for this audience.
```suggestion
npm install
```

## Conditions of acceptance:

- Provide a way for the user to pull in any one of the three datasets (small, medium and large).

> - Provide responsive UI (for mobile or desktop) to display the current displayed dataset.

Reviewer 2: maybe
```suggestion
- Provide responsive UI (particularly mobile and desktop) to display the current displayed dataset.
```

- Build a data table to display the given data sets.
  - The data table must have a header displaying the column name

>   - a skeleton lit component table (`vst-table`) as has been added as an example. You may modify it in anyway or create a new table entirely.  

Reviewer 2: this was changed to `challenge-table`
```suggestion
  - a skeleton lit component table (`challenge-table`) as has been added as an example. You may modify it in anyway or create a new table entirely.  
```

> While these are the conditions of acceptance, if they're not all met, we can still go through your solution together.

Reviewer 2: maybe up here?
```suggestion
Please keep accessibility in mind while participating in this challenge!

While these are the conditions of acceptance, if they're not all met, we can still go through your solution together.
```

Author: ok, but no exclamation point.  too shouty 😆

Author: @mattmone or would it be more clear just add it as the last bullet above?

Author: or is the thinking that it is not quite condition of acceptance?

Author: never mind.  I see you were suggesting it above any ways

Reviewer 2: > ok, but no exclamation point. too shouty 😆

teachers 🙄

> or is the thinking that it is not quite condition of acceptance?

yeah, that was my thought. a reminder but not a COA

> never mind. I see you were suggesting it above any ways

I just wanted it to stand out a little more prominent

That won't automatically disqualify you.  We don't expect you to spend hours on this.

> However, that being said, if you do get these wrapped up quickly, feel free to add any new and interesting features you can think of that might make this application better.  Particularly, addressing accessibility is desired.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, that being said, if you do get these wrapped up quickly, feel free to add any new and interesting features you can think of that might make this application better.  Particularly, addressing accessibility is desired.
```
maybe we should move this above? accessibility shouldn't really be an after thought.
```suggestion
However, that being said, if you do get these wrapped up quickly, feel free to add any new and interesting features you can think of that might make this application better. 
```
